DOC-2118 feat(tgcloud4): Cloud v4 major doc update (still beta) (#82)
tigergraph/cloud-docs: modules/cloud/modules/start/pages/overview.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> TigerGraph Cloud 4 was released on Oct. 30th, 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TigerGraph Cloud 4 was released on Oct. 30, 2024.
```
This is a cloud classic page. Are you sure you want the Cloud 4 release on this page?

Author: Yes, because we want to let the cloud v3 users know that v4 is out, and v3 is going to be retired soon.

Check out the new Cloud 4 at https://portal.tgcloud.io or have a look at the xref:cloud4:overview:index.adoc[Documentation] for more details.
====

[NOTE]
====

> On Oct 31th 2025, we'll retire TigerGraph Cloud Classic platform. Before that date, you’ll need to migrate your data from TigerGraph Cloud Classic to TigerGraph Cloud 4. For support, please contact us at support@tigergraph.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On October 31, 2025, we'll retire TigerGraph Cloud Classic platform. Before that date, you’ll need to migrate your data from TigerGraph Cloud Classic to TigerGraph Cloud 4. For support, please contact us at support@tigergraph.com.
```
